piccoletto	piccol:piccol ett:ett o:o 
golosone	golos:golos on:on e:e 
precisino	precis:precis in:in o:o 
magrolino	magr:magr olin:olin o:o 
pigrone	pigr:pigr on:on e:e 
tiepiduccio	tiepid:tiepid ucci:ucci o:o 
laureando	laure:laure and:and o:o 
dividendo	divid:divid end:end o:o 
parlante	parl:parl ant:ant e:e 
stancante	stanc:stanc ant:ant e:e 
avvilente	avvil:avvil ent:ent e:e 
formato	form:form at:at o:o 
educato	educ:educ at:at o:o 
spermuto	sperm:sperm ut:ut o:o 
stupito	stup:stup it:it o:o 
udito	ud:ud it:it o:o 
gentili	gentil:gentil i:i 
fortunate	fortun:fortun at:at e:e 
facilissimo	facil:facil issim:issim o:o 
rosso	ross:ross o:o 
smilitarizzazione	s:s militar:militar izz:izz a:a zion:zion e:e 
contadino	contad:contad in:in o:o 
espatriare	es:es patri:patri a:a re:re 
smontare	s:s mont:mont ar:ar e:e 
ritelefonami	ri:ri tele:tele fon:fon a:a mi:mi 